Jotham was 25 years old when he became
Jotham was 25 years old when he became king and he reigned 16 years in
king and he reigned 16 years in
king and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Jerusha
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jerusha
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jerusha the daughter of Zadok and he did what
the daughter of Zadok and he did what
the daughter of Zadok and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord
was right in the sight of the Lord
was right in the sight of the Lord according to all that his father Isaiah
according to all that his father Isaiah
according to all that his father Isaiah had done although he did not enter the
had done although he did not enter the
had done although he did not enter the temple of the Lord but still the people
temple of the Lord but still the people
temple of the Lord but still the people acted corruptly he built the upper gate
acted corruptly he built the upper gate
acted corruptly he built the upper gate of the house of the Lord and he built
of the house of the Lord and he built
of the house of the Lord and he built extensively on the wall of Ophir
extensively on the wall of Ophir
extensively on the wall of Ophir moreover he built cities in the
moreover he built cities in the
moreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah and in the forests he
mountains of Judah and in the forests he
mountains of Judah and in the forests he built fortresses and towers he also
built fortresses and towers he also
built fortresses and towers he also fought with the king of the ammonites
fought with the king of the ammonites
fought with the king of the ammonites and defeated them and the people of
and defeated them and the people of
and defeated them and the people of Ammon gave him in that year one hundred
Ammon gave him in that year one hundred
Ammon gave him in that year one hundred talents of silver 10,000 cores of wheat
talents of silver 10,000 cores of wheat
talents of silver 10,000 cores of wheat and ten thousand of barley the people of
and ten thousand of barley the people of
and ten thousand of barley the people of Ammon paid this to him in the second and
Ammon paid this to him in the second and
Ammon paid this to him in the second and third years also so Jotham became mighty
third years also so Jotham became mighty
third years also so Jotham became mighty because he prepared his ways before the
because he prepared his ways before the
because he prepared his ways before the Lord his God now the rest of the acts of
Lord his God now the rest of the acts of
Lord his God now the rest of the acts of Jotham and all his Wars and his ways
Jotham and all his Wars and his ways
Jotham and all his Wars and his ways indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah he was 25
the kings of Israel and Judah he was 25
the kings of Israel and Judah he was 25 years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem
reigned 16 years in Jerusalem
reigned 16 years in Jerusalem so Jotham rested with his father's and
so Jotham rested with his father's and
so Jotham rested with his father's and they buried him in the City of David
they buried him in the City of David
they buried him in the City of David then a has his son reigned in his place